Create core-notes-2020-05-08.md (#1838)
tock/tock: doc/wg/core/notes/core-notes-2020-05-08.md

       - [...]
 - Testing
    - Automated unit tests
    - Automated integrtion tests (single & multi-app)
       - reuse same test framework among apps and core
       - all levels and targets
    - branch coverage (on target & host emu)
    - fuzzing
    - HWASAN (software memory tagging)
        - apps can be in C, unsafe code in crypto libs, etc
        - need toolchain enabling for RISC-V support
        - OS-specifi libs for Tock
 - Toolchain enhancements
    - support new intstructions (wip)
    - build / link multiple Tock apps
    - code size optimization
      - support for linker relaxation
      - support for tp- relative addressting for apps vs gp- used for kernel (?)
      - -Oz general improvements
   - on-target code coverage for emedded
       - replace 64-bit counters with 32-bit or 8-bit flags to save data & code
       - download coverage data from target
   - HWASAN for RISC-V
   - toolchain stabilization 
 > [end presentation]
 > - amit: for the certified crypto library, reasonable to think of it as basically a hardware interface that happens to be implemented in software?
 > - amit: probably written in C, exposes limited symbols?

>  > - vadim: yeah, basically i'ts a vtable with 4 funciton pointers as APIs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 > - vadim: yeah, basically it's a vtable with 4 funciton pointers as APIs
```

>  > - vadim: yeah, basically i'ts a vtable with 4 funciton pointers as APIs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 > - vadim: yeah, basically it's a vtable with 4 function pointers as APIs
```
